# Entry 1 : Confirming Tool and Topic
##### 11/07/22

Throughout my time looking through all the tools and finding the one that works best for me, I decided to use the tool <b>Kaboom</b>. At the beginning, I didn't start right away thinking about using Kaboom as my tool throughout this project. I started using [Three](three.js). This was because I was fascinated with the 3D models that were used and created. Looking through the code and seeing that I actually want to make a game, more specifically, an "<b>Adventure Game</b>", however, [Three](three.js) is a website that would be best for designing a 3D-model. This meant that it wouldn't be as beneficial for me throughout this progress in creating an adventure game. I was to change my idea on which tool exactly that I want to use and at the same time, benefit me in the project the most. Therefore, I went back to the tool [list](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oJFrErlAZvB-0V923QGOm4X3CwiceJsKot2R6Jz8Mdc/preview), and went through the list. I found out that the one that I wanted to try out and tinker with was using Kaboom. I looked up at the tutorials on how to use Kaboom. And I started tinkering with the tool using the website itself. I changed the values for different sprites and saw what it does to it and what difference that it makes to them. Going through the process and tinkering and learning, it made me confirm my tool of using Kaboom. Furthermore, I also confirmed my project idea that I want to create an Adventure Game using the tool Kaboom.<br> This is the tool that I used and the project idea that I am making.

I am now in the first step of the <b><u>Engineering Design Process</u></b> (EDP), that is the <b><u>Defining the problem</u></b>. This is because we started with thinking and choosing what we are passionate about in making. This was a very complicated choice for me because this year, we can do many things with Javascript. Therefore, I would want to do many things and have many ideas. I'm very indecisive, therefore, the way that I want this to work out is that I thought of something that I would like to try and be most passionate about and it was a game, mostly an adventure game. And we started learning our tool and confirming our tool, and continuing it throughout this process of the <i>Freedom Project</i>. This is where I am at in the EDP.

Two skills that I have accomplished throughout this process are <b><u>How to Read</u></b> and <b><u>How to Learn</u></b>. I chose "How to Read" because in the Kaboom website itself, there was a lot to read and keep in mind. I was going through the website and there were tons of code and words about the website itself. This meant that we have to learn to read to make and see what makes sense to me when learning our tool. This significantly connects to the skill "How to learn". This is because after reading the documents in the actual website, we were to LOYO (Learn on Your Own). I went through the pictures, documents, examples, googled, and tinkered (both inside and ourside the website); by using my [ide](code.cs50.io). These are the two skills that I have gone through in this process.

<b>Sources</b>
 * Kaboom [website](https://kaboomjs.com/#kaboom)
 * Kaboom [intro](https://kaboomjs.com/doc/intro)
 * Kaboom YouTube [Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4OaHB0JbJDI)

[Next](entry02.md)<br>
[Home](../README.md)