# Entry 6
##### 5/25/23

When we are done creating our MVP through the process of our beyond MVP, we went for an expo fair presnetation. Later, we also had in class presentation that we did in class. Then, for the expo fair, we did shorter version of our presentation in the cafeteria with judges.

First, before our presentations, we did our elevator pitch. We needed to be ready, so we made an elevator pitch draft that is linked in the sources. In this elevator pitch, we needed a speech that was 1 to a minute and a half minutes. But thankfully, this year, me and my partner Angela had divided the work up. So for Angela's work, she did the greeting, what the project is about, the purpose of the project, and how to use the project. For my part of the project, I did the inspirations that help us to make the game, our challenges, and our next steps. We also talked about our tool Kaboom.js that is a Javascript programming library that help us make fun and interesting games. Me and my partner spent two days writing and finalizing what we want to say. To make sure that our presentations was in the time limit, we had to deleted some lines, and made sure that it made sense and the same time, explained our basic process of the project so then we can also leave some time for the judges to ask questions prior to our project. It was the day of our presentation and we were very nervous. This was our challenge. Due to the idea that when me and my partner were very nervous, we were very scared that we were forgetting what we were studying the day before. So when me and my partner were having issues when speaking, we gave hints to each other so that they go continue. For instance, when she forget what say for her purpose, I started the sentence, "First of all, the purpose of our project is to ..." This helps her to refresh her mind to show that the presentation is ongoing.

After we are done with our elevator pitch, we are continuing with our presentation in class. This is slightly different than what we do in the expo. In our in class presentation, we had to make sure that for our presentation, we had to make sure that it was in between the time range of 3 to 10 minutes. My partner and I created the slides together. In total, we made 16 slides. We first made an intro slide for what freedom project we are doing and with a hook. For this hook, we had changed it many times. we started with a question, and later was switched into a riddle. However, I asked the people around me, and that they said the riddle was kind of off topic, but thanks to my classmates, they gave me inspirations that I can use an inspiration hook, to ask for them to raise their hands, and not answer a question where they might not know. So, we finalized with our hook as, "Raise your hand if you wtach Tom and Jerry." Next off, is our demo. First, I made a screen recording. However, when I was logged into the school computer, it didn't work, so Mr. Mueller recommended me to make a gif for the demo of my project. After, we explained out process of the project, and our planning. We inputed photographs of the process that we staretd with on paper, and to the code that was on the computer. Next, we explained the process on the MVP, explaing what the purpose of speed and collide is, but also using `go()` to help us connect all the scenes together. For our beyond MVP, we explained the idea of how we increased the gravity and the purpose of doing that. For challenges, we each had a challenge, and for our challenge, I wrote about syntax errors, sue to the idea that in JS, we use `;`, but in Kaboom.js, we use `,`. Lastly, we included our takeaways, links to out code, and our final "THANK YOU" slide.

In this creating and fianlizing our projects, we have accomplished Step 6 of the Engineering Design Process (EDP) that is to Test and Evaluate the Prototype and Step 7 of the EDP. Now, I am in the last step, step 8, which is Communicating the Results. In this part of the EDP, we were to use our project and prepare for presentations in class, and also in the expo for classmates and people that are interested in SEP. In SEP11, we created games that were more interactive and fun that had helped us and others to maintain entertainment, and to help us learners understand the process of making a game, and learning the process behind it.

This year, when creating our freedom project on a game, I have gain the skills of Communication and How to Read. The idea of communication is because due to the idea that I have partners, we had to divided the work among us, and for that, we needed communication. Furthermore, when I am overcoming an issue, I can ask my classmates for help, and that is also another way of communicating. Adding on, I also accomplished the skill of How to Read because when learning Kaboom, I needed to use the documentaries to help me learn the tool, to being able to know how to find pieces in the documentaries were very helpful when we are learning, and creating something from scratch such as the adding sprites, loading sprites, adding movements to it, interactions between the sprites such as disappearing, and mainly to connecting the scenes together when the player sprites touches the door.

<b>Sources</b>
 * [Elevator Pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Av_3QtitFaNmTvhZESK_6Z5QMStbWkFl4L78J-CTJg8/edit?usp=sharing)
 * [Presentation Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qWAJZ0HSZEKE1pYdl3ibgjXLEhHsqzs6QJ_AO9F9LzM/edit?usp=sharing)

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
